Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
YOUN HYUN-JAE
SONG SEUNG-IL
PARK HEE-SUN
SHIN HYEON-WOO
KIM GO-EUN
KIM JAE-JIN
HAM YE-JIN
WOO SUNG-MIN
KIM MIN-GEE
LIM SU-BEEN
LEE SUNG-HUN
LEE JOO-YOUNG
CHOI MINA SUE
LEE HA-EUN
JO I-GEON
SINGLE'S INFERNO
Go-eun!
Yes?
When will you hang out with me?
I'll come down later.
The three of us can hang out.
-Should we do that later?
-Yes.
-We'll come down after we finish talking.
-Okay.
Why can't he just say
he wants to talk with her alone?
-You mean I-geon?
-Yes.
Maybe it's because he knows
Sung-min won't let her go.
-Really?
-Yes. it would make things awkward.
How are you. Mina?
What's going on with you?
As of today. I've made my decision.
-I've decided on one person.
-I see.
After going back and forth?
Yes. I went back and forth a lot.
-A lot?
-Yes. quite a bit.
You must feel relieved.
But he went to Paradise.
-Right.
-Yes.
-I'm off to find my love.
-No. don't go.
-It's Go-eun.
-Yes. I'm off to see Go-eun.
It suddenly occurred to me.
"What am I doing here?"
-Go win her over. Hurry.
-Okay. I will.
Those words are necessary too.
But I'm so…
Are they still talking?
-Really.
-It's dark now.
-He's more persistent than I thought.
-I think that's his charm.
You know. some couples
talk on the phone
for three hours straight.
-He's good at meeting those needs.
-Yes.
What have you been
talking about for so long?
-Us?
-Are you still not done?
Since it's cold. let's head inside.
-Sure.
-Since it's cold.
Inside. where exactly?
-Let's go to the Cafeteria.
-Okay.
-Here.
-They won't leave her side.
-This is fun.
-Sung-min won't leave.
-He's not giving them space.
-No.
Isn't it about time he left?
-They've already talked.
-For two hours.
He knows he needs to stay.
-It's already dark.
-Yes.
Sit in the middle.
-Sit in the middle.
-Okay.
This is funny.
What have you been
talking about for so long?
Just this and that.
There's no end.
If you hadn't come.
we'd have talked until dawn.
Just saying.
Wait. did you two go to Paradise before?
-Yes.
-Once.
Who picked who?
We picked each other.
-You guys matched?
-Yes.
We played a game together.
We matched.
We played a game. talked.
and matched with each other.
So we went.
I wonder what will happen tomorrow.
I'm so curious.
I'm really curious.
Is this how it's going to be?
I can't believe what I'm seeing.
It's a true love triangle.
I wonder what we'll do.
Sung-min is just saying whatever.
-He's just guarding her.
-Yes.
-Seems so.
-It's his spot.
-He's just keeping watch.
-Yes.
I wonder what we'll do.
Shall we go eat ice cream?
WATER FOUNTAIN
-There's ice cream?
-There's ice cream at the water fountain?
ONLY OPEN AFTER SUNSET
1 PER PERSON. NO DELIVERIES
-One per person.
-I see.
The welfare has improved significantly.
That's what they do at college retreats.
Shall we go eat ice cream?
With whom?
-With whom?
-All three?
I'll go and talk with I-geon this time.
I'll go and talk with I-geon.
-Go ahead.
-Okay.
-Have fun.
What did you talk about
for four whole hours?
Four hours?
-Yes.
-It wasn't four hours.
-No way.
-What?
I couldn't stand it any longer.
And I had to… you know?
-What?
-I ended up third-wheeling.
Has it really been four hours?
It wasn't really four hours.
-Have you been there?
-Where?
-There.
-There?
-Yes.
-Yes. I have.
I see.
You've really been everywhere.
Seriously.
-This is driving me crazy.
-Why?
-You've been everywhere.
-I haven't. I still have some places left.
Which way is it?
-We continue this way.
-Okay.
This is how it looks.
I've been here once.
-To get water?
-Yes.
-You've really been everywhere.
-Well. I had to get water.
-It's only open after sunset?
-Yes. it has to be dark.
I want this one.
They've melted a bit.
We should eat them quickly.
That looks so appetizing.
-It's good.
-Yes.
-Why am I like this?
-Get up.
Just stand up and…
Exactly.
Seriously. why am I like this?
I'm always like this.
-You're always spilling?
-Yes.
It's all dirty now.
Should I pour water on it?
I'll do it.
Get up for a second.
What was that?
What are you doing?
I end up laughing with them
for some reason.
-We're in tune with their emotions.
-Yes.
-It's stupidly funny.
Right.
What happened was…
-Let me explain.
-Seriously.
It didn't even…
I'm nervous now.
You weren't even close.
That was hilarious.
That was so funny.
-Watch this.
-Okay.
I did it.
I wonder what you'd be like
as a boyfriend.
-Me?
-Yes.
What are you like as a girlfriend?
I really hate it
when someone keeps doing what I dislike.
Give me an example.
I personally hate it
when someone says. "Hey. you."
-"Hey. you"?
-Yes.
So that's why
you asked me that in Paradise.
Yes. that's right.
DAY 4 PARADISE
What about you? It's hard to ask
since I don't know the guys.
My type…
Is there anyone you're interested in?
-Yes. there is.
-Really?
You can try to guess who it is.
I'll say. "Hey. is it him?"
Do you call your girlfriend "Hey"?
-To my girlfriend?
-Yes.
Of course not.
-I don't say "Hey."
-I see.
But who addresses
their girlfriend as "Hey. you"?
No one. but maybe during a fight?
-Then I…
-When they're mad?
-I can't.
-Right.
I feel like you'd say "Hey. you"
to your girlfriend during an argument.
Honestly?
-Yes.
-I'll think about it.
During a fight…
I'm not sure if I'm distorting my memory.
but I don't remember saying "Hey."
But I've used "you" before.
That's not too bad.
I think I've said.
"You said this" or "You did this."
That's not bad.
That's not too bad.
What are you like during a fight?
-During a fight?
-Yes.
I wonder what you're like when you're mad.
I don't bring it up right away.
-I think about it first.
-Why?
Because I could be mistaken.
-I could've misunderstood.
-I see.
I know what you mean.
I think about it at night and sleep on it.
-If I feel the same. then I act on it.
-Right.
-But I usually don't feel the same way.
I'm a completely different person
during the day and at night.
Right.
It's fun talking to you.
Then you should've come down sooner.
Right?
Seriously.
-This energy feels right.
-Yes.
-She's so different.
-Totally different.
You were so funny.
Why?
It was so funny
watching you pour the water.
I made a fool of myself.
Seriously.
-I was going to do it.
-"I'll do it."
But you insisted on doing it.
You're funny.
You're a funny guy.
And I think
you're good at holding conversations.
-I think so too.
-I see.
When you listen to them.
they usually talk about
things that really matter.
-Especially as couples.
-True.
-But it's never like that with Sung-min.
-Right.
The first Paradise trip must be special.
-It's like their first love.
-Like a first love?
Not only did Mina Sue say so
but Go-eun feels that way. too.
Since her first trip to Paradise
was with him?
Yes. "I think Sung-min means a lot to me."
That may be what she's feeling.
Anyway. in our eyes.
she seems to like I-geon.
It looks like it. right?
-Yes.
-But who knows if she feels the same way?
-I wouldn't know.
-Can we come in?
-Sure.
It's a humble place.
Where is Sung-hun's bed?
Sam?
-Here.
-Here?
Right. I saw him reading here.
It's cold.
What are you doing?
What was that just now?
What is up with you? That hurts.
What's wrong with her?
Wow. he reads this for fun? Is he crazy?
-What are you doing?
-I'm so curious. really.
I'm curious.
but Hee-sun will get to know first.
Excuse me.
Why today of all days?
If I hadn't lost…
If I had gotten third place…
No. never mind.
-I had to get second place. right?
-Yes.
Maybe you'll get a chance to go next time.
But the first trip is significant.
You wanted to go on his first trip.
It's like the first…
-The first Paradise trip?
-Yes.
-I wanted it to be with me.
-I see.
But when Hee-sun returns.
she'll know more about him than I do.
Before me.
So I'm a bit disappointed.
But don't you think
Sung-hun's feelings are steadfast?
That's what he said.
but what if they aren't?
But Sam. in his own way…
-He has his own standard?
-He's solid.
Everyone says
you have nothing to worry about.
Have some faith in him.
Why is Mina Sue always uninterested
when the person is right next to her
and then starts pursuing them too late?
-It's such a shame.
-Yes. it really is.
What can you do in his bed
when he's in another bed now?
He's in Paradise.
What do you mean?
Not like that…
-She only notices them once they're gone.
-Right.
PARADISE
PARK HEE-SUN & LEE SUNG-HUN
Let's go.
It's warm. right?
It's so warm.
I love it.
-Is it good?
-It's so good.
What is your love language?
-When do you feel the most loved?
-I like being taken care of.
-Why is it great?
-I like taking care of people.
-Really?
-Yes. the acts of service.
Why didn't you take care of me?
In Inferno?
How could I when you had someone else?
How do you express your love?
-How do I give love?
-Yes.
I like giving gifts.
You and I are quite similar.
Yeah. I like traveling together too.
-We're compatible on realistic things.
-Yes.
-I like going on vacations and trips.
-I see.
Do you like spending time
with your partner?
Most of my relationships
have been long-distance.
-I see.
-I didn't get to see them often.
I like seeing my partners every day.
Well. New York is pretty close by.
-Everything's close to New York.
-True.
After getting to know you better.
I'm still fascinated.
Seriously.
I think we'd get along well.
-In the real world.
-I see.
I think about that stuff a lot.
-Like how things will be after all this.
-After?
Who can I realistically
have a relationship with?
I think realistically.
we'd be a good match.
You two should date.
-They're compatible.
-They look great together.
After seven days.
this feels like my life now.
Right.
-Everyone's so immersed.
-Exactly.
My life now is just waking up
and going out to talk right away.
"Let's talk."
"I haven't had breakfast. but let's talk."
Why didn't you ask me?
I haven't talked to a lot of people.
Have you talked a lot with Mina Sue?
Yes. I think so.
But I find it hard
to understand her and what she's feeling.
-I'm sure she'll figure it out.
-On her own.
Love is self-serve.
-Right.
-Love is self-serve.
-I should focus on myself.
-Exactly.
But from now on…
-I'll talk to you more tomorrow.
-Sounds good.
And the day after that. too.
-I think he'll have second thoughts.
-It works because they're both in America.
-It seems likely.
-Yes.
-The mood here is really heated.
-Really.
-It's such a realistic conversation.
-Right.
They can meet in America.
and Sung-hun has to go back.
-Yes.
-Right.
So this is quite significant
and can't be overlooked.
Someone who checks all the boxes
came into play.
Exactly.
And it wasn't just one-sided.
-Hee-sun was very flirty too.
-Yes.
-She said. "Why didn't you ask me?"
-Right.
-I think Hee-sun is wavering a lot.
-I see.
They get along well.
But of all people. it had to be
those intertwined with Mina Sue.
Sung-hun and Hee-sun.
-Right.
-If they actually get together.
I really think
Mina Sue might end up alone.
She might end up with nothing
but a coming-of-age moment.
Something's happening.
Mina Sue is in trouble.
PARADISE
LEE JOO-YOUNG & KIM JAE-JIN
Here we are.
Now that I've washed up. I feel great.
Do you want anything?
-I want some. Can you pour me a glass?
-Of course.
Today. it's about whatever you want.
Whatever you want.
-This is all I ever wanted.
-This is it.
I found my spot.
Since you're the queen today.
I'll give you whatever you ask for.
Okay.
-A bite of cheesecake. please.
-Okay.
-A bite of cheesecake.
-Here you go.
What would you like?
-Cheesecake?
-Cheesecake.
Yes. you should be able to finish this.
I feel like I'll remember this cheesecake
even after we leave.
-I love it.
-Yes.
-Is that something else?
-You're tired. aren't you?
-No.
-You have sleepy eyes.
-Yes. I'm tired.
Go brush your teeth.
-Do you want to brush your teeth?
-Yes.
Go brush your teeth.
I wish someone else would do it for me.
I'll do it for you.
Gosh.
What's with that look?
I should go brush my teeth.
Go ahead.
Should I change into pajamas?
You brought pajamas?
After I wash up.
-let's go for a walk.
-Okay.
But we can sleep if you're tired.
You should sleep well.
-Really?
-Yes.
Who knows what will happen tomorrow?
-Good night.
I hate finding myself grinning
while watching them.
I was smiling too.
You can't help it.
-You just can't stop smiling.
-I don't want to smile.
-I'm sure everyone was.
-Why am I grinning like a fool?
I should zip my lips.
PARADISE
KIM MIN-GEE & LIM SU-BEEN
-Are those your pajamas?
-Yes.
They're my pajamas.
-They suit you.
-Thank you.
They were a gift.
Do you want to sleep here?
Don't make me laugh.
Wait. I'm the one who said it.
I'll stop joking around.
-I'll lie down for a bit.
-Okay.
We can just lie down
and drift off while talking.
-I like falling asleep while talking.
-Right.
You must be enjoying your time with me.
-I really am.
-That's a relief.
-Yes.
-This is fun.
If we get the chance.
I think we should talk more.
-Really?
-Like…
You and I
get along so well
that I want to keep on talking with you.
Right.
It's the first time I've felt like
there's not enough time.
I wish we had more time.
I wish we had come earlier.
-Had more time in Paradise.
-It does feel like we came later.
Yes. we did.
-Yes.
-We came much later.
I'm glad we're here.
We finally got to know each other.
Really.
Like. how did we end up here?
This isn't somewhere I can come
just because I want to.
-Right.
-But we're here because I wanted to.
Are you laughing?
-I'm just feeling giddy.
-Right.
I had a fixed image of you
from the moment I first met you.
Right.
But…
I don't know how this will sound.
but you have a cute vibe.
I see.
But I'm cuter.
I'm even cuter than I am right now.
I haven't shown you my cute side yet.
-I see.
-Yes.
-There's something going on here. too.
-There is.
-Min-gee here seems so unfamiliar.
-Right?
To us. she seemed to stand firm.
having eyes for only one person.
But Min-gee also has a fickle heart.
Something must have taken over her
after her talk with Mina Sue.
-An evil spirit.
-It took over.
-Really.
-The spirit has moved.
-Right.
-Really.
-The spirit went to her.
-It's like they've switched.
I can't believe you guys.
But in a way…
It does make sense in a way.
-She wasn't like this.
-Right.
-They're both acting so differently now.
-Yes.
I can't get used to them.
-She's acting so cute now.
-Yes.
Get up.
Why are you up so early?
Wow. I'm so hungover.
I feel terrible the morning
after drinking. I'm burning up.
-She must've drunk a lot.
-Yes.
-She drank enough to have a hangover.
Did we sleep in the same bed last night?
You don't remember?
-Did we drink a lot?
-I guess so?
He doesn't even remember?
-Did I sleep here?
-Yes.
So…
-Why'd you sleep there?
-What?
Why'd you sleep next to me?
LAST NIGHT
-He slept there.
-They must've shared the bed.
Oh. he got up.
He must've got into bed.
Normally. I would just sleep…
But it's so cold.
Min-gee. can I join you?
Sure.
-He was just sleepy.
-He was cold.
-I think he just really needed a blanket.
-Yes. he's pulling the blanket out.
Su-been had no ulterior motive.
He was just really cold.
They only shared a bed
because they had some drinks.
and he was cold.
-He just needed a blanket.
-They just slept.
-Right.
-For the sake of sleep.
Are you laughing?
Aren't you too comfortable around me?
It's not like that.
INFERNO
-Is this the only place to work out?
-Yes. this is it.
They're talking again.
He's really something.
Wow. seriously.
He's her shadow.
I get that he's persistent. but this is…
It's so early.
-From the crack of dawn.
-Really.
What's your workout routine.
Mr. Paper Doll?
All of them.
I can lift weights. too.
Oh. really?
I can't picture it.
-Really?
-Yes.
I can lift that much.
-I step up when needed.
-I see.
Is your face puffy?
Don't look closely.
-Or is it not?
-I think I'm a little puffy.
You do look a bit puffy.
-What?
-You're a bit puffy.
-I am?
-Yes. your cheeks look fuller.
Oh no.
I'm sure the swelling
will go down as we walk.
Go-eun and Sung-min were taking a walk.
They even passed by me
while I was working out.
Seeing them together made me so angry
that I ended up overdoing my workout.
Darn it.
-I'd be annoyed too if I were him.
-Yes.
-Of course.
Couldn't they have at least greeted him
as they passed?
It could make him more determined.
True. it's a natural motivation booster.
-The sun isn't out--
-How is it?
-How's what?
-How is the early morning in Inferno?
It's nice.
-Right?
-Yes.
The first time
you went to Paradise with Min-gee…
-Are you curious?
-Yes.
According to Min-gee. our trip to Paradise
wasn't heart-fluttering at all.
-Really?
-Yes.
But honestly. I felt the same way.
It didn't get my heart racing.
-I see.
-It felt different when I went with you.
What was it like with me?
How did you feel?
Talking with you…
I always thought I was more of a listener.
-I see.
-Yes.
-But with you. I really opened up.
-I end up talking about myself.
-Right.
-When I realized how chatty I was…
-I see.
I really liked that side of me.
I've liked you since the moment we met.
but after getting to know you.
I like you even more.
-I see.
-Yeah.
I think that's when I came to my decision.
-You've been my top pick ever since.
-I see.
There really must be something
about Sung-min that I don't see.
-Really.
-There must be…
-Right.
-Or is it because
he speaks so politely?
For example. he calls her by name
instead of saying "you."
I wonder if that's what attracts her.
Let's try to guess
whether Go-eun's heart leans more
towards I-geon or Sung-min.
I think her feelings are about
80% for I-geon and 20% for Sung-min.
-That's a big difference.
-Yes.
I think it's 60 to 40.
She's split 60% for Sung-min
and 40% for I-geon.
Here's why I think that.
I wouldn't be able to sit through
such a long. boring conversation.
You can't spend all day listening
to someone if you don't like the person.
-Right.
-It would be so hard.
-Based on that alone. she does like him.
-I think they talk for five hours a day.
-Seriously.
There's no way she doesn't like him.
Go-eun seems to prefer
a relaxed. easygoing relationship
with chats like these
over one that is more thrilling.
That could be the case.
I don't know.
-Did you get to do everything you wanted?
-Yes. I did everything.
I want to go to Paradise today. too.
-Really?
-Yes.
-I'll try.
-Please try.
They're coming.
-They're back.
-Stop.
No way. Don't lie.
-Really?
-Yes.
-But there are only two couples.
-What's going on?
-Joo-young and Jae-jin…
-They're behind them.
Why wear sunglasses on a cloudy day?
Mina Sue.
-Hey.
-You're back.
-Welcome back.
-Hello.
Did you have a nice time?
Hi. all.
-You're back.
-Yes.
Welcome back.
Did you eat lots of good food?
-Yes. I did.
-You did?
-Wow. what is this?
-My slippers?
Wow. your shoes are so cute.
My goodness. They're so cute.
She must feel awkward
for enjoying it too much.
Right?
-Is that what she's feeling?
-I see.
-She's acting a bit awkward right now.
-Oh. you're right.
Was it fun?
I'm curious about
Sung-hun's first trip to Paradise.
Sung-hun's first Paradise trip.
-I wonder what his age and job are.
-Just who is he?
Same. I wonder what his job is.
After talking with him.
we had more in common than I expected.
I feel more comfortable with him
now that we've talked.
He's someone who can really understand me.
I think he's more proactive
when it's one-on-one.
But here. in a group environment.
I think it's hard for him.
-I see.
-For Sung-hun.
-That's understandable.
-Right.
I find it hard too.
He seems like he'd be very sweet.
-He seems like a sweet guy.
-Yes.
He's very caring.
-He's funny too.
-Right.
-He's so fun.
-His reactions are so funny.
He always says. "Damn."
His pronunciation is great.
It makes it funnier. "Holy…"
-Gosh. Mina Sue.
-I can't take this.
Before. it was Hee-sun looking anxious
whenever Mina Sue talked.
-Right.
-But now the tables have turned.
-They've turned.
-Yes. they have.
-Was it okay for you?
-Yes. I had fun.
-It was fun? Tell me more.
-More?
I honestly didn't expect
to have this much fun.
-Really?
-Did you guys click?
Yes. Really.
As potential romantic partners?
For starters. our values and dating styles
are exactly the same.
We think the same way.
-Really?
-It felt like looking in a mirror.
We were both like.
"Wow. you're like this. too?"
And it kept going like that.
We were surprising each other
the whole time.
So it was a lot of fun.
-You really don't know them until you go.
-I think so.
But I don't think
it would've been to this extent
if I'd gone with someone else.
-Really?
-Yes.
It was fun because we were so alike.
-I see.
-Yes.
-Didn't Mina Sue look like that earlier?
-Yes. she looks anxious.
-How funny.
-They're the same.
This is fun.
The main difference
after this trip to Paradise is that
-it lit a fire in Mina Sue's belly…
-Yes.
…namely her feelings for Sung-hun.
I think that's changed.
Mina Sue will experience
some heartache now. too.
That scared me.
I hate this so much.
Please stop.
Today. the men will be competing in a game
for a date in Paradise.
It's a men's game.
Here we go.
-I want them to go head-to-head.
-You keep saying that.
Just once.
-I'd like to see them fight it out.
-Head-to-head?
Everyone. please gather
at the challenge area.
-The time has come.
-Let's make sure no one gets hurt.
I'm honestly scared of I-geon today.
-Today. I-geon is…
-Right.
-He'll be so determined.
-I hope so.
What's that line?
-There's a line.
-Who will win?
-I-geon put his hair down today.
-It looks better.
-Right?
-Yes.
-There's something in the middle.
-Is it a long jump competition?
Today. the men will play a game
to win a date in Paradise.
Only the top three winners
in order of their ranking
can each pick a woman
to take on a date to Paradise.
Geez.
Here is today's game.
Please open the box next to you.
What is it?
What is this?
-A rope?
-It's not a ball.
Tug of war?
Today's game is Trench Tug of War.
Will they try to pull the other person
into the water?
The men will wear shoulder bands
connected to a rope
and stand at the starting line
on opposite ends of the trench.
At the whistle. they will pull the rope.
The first to pull their opponent
into the trench wins.
If no winner is decided after one minute.
whoever is farther from the water
at that moment wins.
It will be a tournament-style game.
If one moves forward.
the other person will fall.
That's the game.
That's insane.
There was a similar game.
but without water.
-Right.
-They'll fall into the water if they lose.
-They'll fly backwards.
-With a flop. they'll get soaked.
-Splash.
It's the worst.
-especially in front of someone you like.
-Really.
-Gosh.
-That's harsh.
This is the last trip to Paradise.
-Right.
-It's big.
-They must give it their all.
-It'll be intense.
Yes.
-Sung-min has to show them.
-Yes.
He should show them his manliness.
Go-eun refers to Sung-min
as "Mr. Paper Doll." right?
-Yes.
-It'd be nice if he showed her he's not.
-Go-eun calls Sung-min Mr. Paper Doll.
-She does.
-That's right. She does.
-Yes.
-That hurt Sung-min's pride.
That's why he said.
"I can lift that much."
-"I step up when needed."
-Right.
-Today is the day he gets to show her.
-Yes.
I'd love to see Sung-min and I-geon
compete against each other.
-That'd be fun.
Please be Sung-min versus I-geon.
-Please!
-Sung-min and I-geon!
The matchups will be decided
by drawing balls.
Jo I-geon picked a yellow ball.
I hate these darn balls.
I really don't want to pick.
Why not?
Lee Sung-hun picked a blue ball.
Woo Sung-min picked a white ball.
They might match up in the next round.
-True.
-It's a tournament.
-All the colors are different.
-Right?
Youn Hyun-jae picked a blue ball.
It's Sung-hun versus Hyun-jae.
BLUE BALL
LEE SUNG-HUN VS YOUN HYUN-JAE
They're close friends.
Lim Su-been picked a yellow ball.
It's I-geon.
YELLOW BALL
JO I-GEON VS YOUN HYUN-JAE
Kim Jae-jin picked a white ball.
WHITE BALL
WOO SUNG-MIN VS KIM JAE-JIN
Sung-min might have a chance.
-He's pretty lucky.
-He is.
-Battle of the paper dolls.
-Seems fair.
Every matchup seems fair.
-"Battle of the paper dolls."
-Team Paper Dolls.
-Good luck.
-That means it's Hyeon-woo and Seung-il.
That's a big match.
We should've met at the final match.
Song Seung-il and Shin Hyeon-woo
picked red balls.
-This is the true final match.
-Yes. it's going to be intense.
-Are they playing all at once?
-Yes.
Really?
The tension is off the charts.
Yes. I'm going for the win.
Just don't get hurt.
Don't get hurt.
Whoever wins this round
is going to Paradise for sure.
-Right after winning one more round.
-Yes.
Who are you cheering for?
I'm cheering for whoever does their best.
Good luck.
Begin when you hear the whistle.
Ready.
Three. two. one.
-Gosh.
-Right off the bat.
Oh dear.
-The furious I-geon!
-Wow. "the furious I-geon."
Gosh. look at I-geon.
Su-been is getting dragged back.
Hold on.
Gosh. I'm tired.
I'm beat.
He can't go forward.
He looked cool. trying his best.
But it was hard for me to see him
struggling and in pain.
I was worried.
I couldn't help but look at Seung-il.
Thirty seconds left.
Oh no.
Yes. he was determined to take him down.
Song Seung-il is eliminated.
Are you okay?
Oh dear…
Twenty seconds left.
You got this.
What's going on
with Hyun-jae and Sung-hun?
-They're neck and neck.
-They're both holding out.
He just needs to go a bit further.
Holding their ground is hard as it is.
-I-geon.
-No. I-geon. Don't push yourself.
-Yes. hold out.
-He might get pulled back.
Sung-min is also incredible.
Ten. nine. eight. seven. six. five.
four. three. two. one.
Who won?
Well done. You all did great.
Let me announce the results.
The winners of this match are
Woo Sung-min. Jo I-geon. Youn Hyun-jae.
and Shin Hyeon-woo.
The four of you
have advanced to the semifinal.
Please wear your shoulder bands
and stand at the starting line.
Wow. I just realized
everyone is after Go-eun
except for Hyun-jae.
-What?
-Wait. that's right.
I just got goosebumps.
-Right. all three of them are…
-Yes.
-Really?
-She's right.
I think we'll get to see
Sung-min and I-geon compete.
Please.
There were two other people
who were interested
in the same person as I was.
So I knew I had to win first place.
If Sung-min or I-geon went with Go-eun.
I knew I'd be in trouble
because I felt like
things between us weren't clear.
I really wanted to go to Paradise
with Go-eun alone.
Just the sight of the other two guys
made me angry. I wanted to win so bad.
His anger is valid.
He's furious.
-It's inevitable.
-The match for Go-eun.
Who do you want to go with?
I honestly don't know where my heart lies.
It happens.
I will announce the semifinal matchups.
This is important.
Shin Hyeon-woo versus Youn Hyun-jae.
Hang in there. Hyun-jae.
Go easy. Hyeon-woo.
Jo I-geon versus Woo Sung-min.
This is what I've been waiting for.
-This is it.
-It was bound to happen.
-I-geon is smiling.
-I-geon has been waiting for this.
His expression is saying.
"You're dead meat."
Are they fighting over Go-eun?
-Sung-min is surprisingly strong.
-Right? He always makes it to the final.
Oh dear. Mr. Paper Doll…
I bet even just one match
would be exhausting.
Good luck.
-This is a battle of pride now.
-He has to drag him into the water.
Begin when you hear the whistle.
Ready.
-I feel like you'd be the most nervous.
-Yes.
I believe in you. Let's go. Hyun-jae!
Three. two. one.
Oh. goodness!
I-geon is no joke.
Oh my gosh.
Is that I-geon?
I-geon is no joke.
Oh. goodness!
-He really fell in like a paper doll.
-It was inevitable.
-I-geon was…
-Oh no.
Oh. goodness!
Woo Sung-min is eliminated.
I-geon is no joke.
-What's up with I-geon?
-I-geon is strong.
This is crazy.
-Look at Hyun-jae go!
-What's going on?
Goodness.
Oh gosh.
Woo Sung-min is eliminated.
Look at Hyun-jae go!
Oh gosh.
-Is Hyun-jae winning?
-Really?
-Hyun-jae won.
-Hyun-jae!
Is this for real?
-He won.
-Against Hyeon-woo?
Look at Hyun-jae go!
Oh gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Just a little more.
-Just a bit more!
-Look at him go.
Oh dear!
-He stumbled.
-No!
No!
This is it. Just go for it.
Is this okay?
Hold out. Hyun-jae!
He let his guard down.
Let's go. Hyun-jae.
Charge ahead!
-He spun around.
-What was that?
There you go!
No. Hyun-jae!
Oh. goodness!
That's it!
Really?
Please. no!
Oh. goodness!
No. Hyun-jae!
One last push. Hyun-jae.
-He still has a chance.
-Do a spin.
What's going on?
Ten. nine. eight. seven.
six. five. four. three…
You can do it.
Just a little more.
…three. two. one.
Youn Hyun-jae is eliminated.
The winner is Shin Hyeon-woo.
-Hyeon-woo did it.
-That was unbelievable.
-Yes.
-Great job.
He's strong. Well done.
Man. that was impressive.
They really gave it their all.
thinking they had to win first place
to be able to pick me.
It made me wonder
just how much I mean to them as a person.
Now. the final match will be held
to determine the rankings.
Woo Sung-min and Youn Hyun-jae
will compete for third place.
Shin Hyeon-woo and Jo I-geon
will compete for first place.
When I thought about the traits
that I-geon and I preferred.
I knew his only choice was Go-eun.
So I had to go all out.
I knew Hyeon-woo
would pick Go-eun if I lost.
And I wouldn't be able to
stand such a sight.
"Such a sight."
My mind was set on winning.
no matter what.
-I've grown fond of the way he talks.
-The way he talks is so cute.
Yes. I like it now.
-I'm hooked.
-"Such a sight."
-It's his style.
-It is a sight.
-What else would it be?
-Right.
It sure isn't a sight for sore eyes.
Begin when you hear the whistle.
Ready.
-This is the battle of the century.
-It is.
I can't wait to see who will win.
Man. I-geon…
He'll give it his all.
This is so scary.
Good luck.
Three. two. one.
-Look at I-geon.
-I thought his legs would be weak.
He has firm legs.
Why is their rope so tight?
They're holding out.
Hang in there.
-That's enough for I-geon to win.
-Yes. just hold out.
Thirty seconds left.
-He's off.
-His face is…
Is he moving forward?
He wants to play it out.
-You got this.
-Really?
Geez. I'm in trouble.
-I-geon is so strong.
-Yes.
I-geon is really strong.
Twenty seconds left.
-His face is about to explode.
-Yes.
He has a tenacious spirit.
We can see why he's the game changer.
-If he can beat the strongest guy here…
-Exactly.
I couldn't help but wonder
if I-geon was trying so hard to win
because he didn't want
to lose his chance to go with me.
It made me think.
"Have I become that significant to him?"
He's pushing his head into the sand.
Come on. just give him a chance.
-Seriously.
-Yes.
-Wasn't he so cool?
-Please date him for six months.
"Six months"?
Jin-kyung.
-You can see how much he wants it.
-Right?
Oh no!
-Don't get mad.
-Is it his last push?
He gets stronger when he's mad.
Gosh. Hyeon-woo.
Hang in there. You're winning.
Wow. I-geon is holding out so well.
He has incredible stamina.
Ten. nine. eight…
Wow. Hyun-jae's amazing.
Gosh.
Keep going.
No. Stay there and hold out.
-Don't do that.
-Hold out!
No. Stay there and hold out.
-Don't do that.
-Hold out!
This is scary.
-Ten. nine. eight…
-Geez.
…seven. six. five.
four. three. two. one.
…three. two. one.
The winner of the final match
is Jo I-geon.
1ST JO I-GEON. 2ND SHIN HYEON-WOO
3RD YOUN HYUN-JAE
He's full of surprises.
This was fun.
No one can stay in first place forever.
Wow. I-geon.
I-geon really did it.
What if I-geon falls asleep
as soon as he gets to Paradise?
-What?
-He wrung himself dry.
He'll pass out.
He'll eat and lie down for a bit.
-And wake up the next day.
-Yes.
He used all his energy.
-"Good morning."
-Gosh. I'm so worried.
-You're so mean.
I'm just worried.
-He's so mean.
-It's their last Paradise trip.
What is it?
-I've got a feeling that Sung-min…
-Yes?
…won't leave Go-eun's side
until the very last second.
-Seriously.
-He won't leave her side.
-Starting now.
-Really?
He'll say. "Don't change your mind."
That's so funny.
Why are we so tired from just watching?
-I'm so exhausted.
-Same.
I'm curious to know who I-geon likes.
I think I-geon is obviously
interested in Go-eun.
He kept on trying to talk to Go-eun.
If not. he wouldn't have tried so hard.
-Right.
-He's going anyway.
-On top of that. his opponent…
-It was him.
-Hyeon-woo?
-I didn't think he'd beat Hyeon-woo.
How do you feel. Go-eun?
I feel the same about all of them.
I think today's trip will be important.
-Hyeon-woo must be in a dilemma.
-Exactly. who will he go with?
-Exactly.
-It'll depend on who I-geon picks.
Yes.
Singles.
You are free to go on dates
at your discretion.
I'll be back.
This is tough.
Sung-min is going right away.
-Gosh.
-You were right.
-Just like I had predicted.
-Yes.
He'll be with her until she leaves.
What is this?
We're free to go on dates.
Ha-eun. can you call Go-eun for me?
-I'm here.
-Are you in the vanity room?
Gather here. everyone.
Everyone and anyone
you're looking for is here.
Come in.
-Can I talk to Sung-hun?
-Sure.
Look at Mina Sue.
Everyone's being so proactive.
-I'm stressed.
-You're stressed?
This is the first time
I've felt so stressed out here.
-I'm annoyed.
-You're annoyed?
Sung-min will go as far away as possible.
He'll take her to the other side.
He'll go to the farthest possible spot.
What's on your mind?
I'm feeling quite uneasy.
-I'm feeling on edge.
-Why?
Who knows what will happen?
I really want to know
what's on your mind at the moment.
-Me?
-Yes.
I'm not so sure myself.
-At the moment?
-It's really tough.
What a fickle woman you are.
It's because everyone's great.
They're all so kind.
I'm just trying to find someone
who's the perfect fit for me.
-Right.
-Yes.
You're being taken away again.
We don't know yet.
My gut says you are.
-You're suddenly anxious.
-Yes.
I know where my heart lies.
I'm just worried
you might change your mind. Go-eun.
Of course. I'm anxious.
Are you worried?
A little…
No. a lot.
You weren't this anxious
when I went with Hyeon-woo.
-You weren't like this.
-True.
I didn't feel this way
when you went with Hyeon-woo.
I don't know why.
but I feel very anxious this time.
Going to Paradise a second time
could change things.
That's true.
Maybe I was too nonchalant until now.
-You?
-Yes.
Don't have nice talks.
No. don't talk at all.
Just listen to him talk.
Nothing else.
-I wonder what Hyeon-woo will do.
-I see.
If he had won first place.
he'd have probably…
He and I like the same person.
I'm curious to know who he'll go with.
Hyeon-woo must have a lot on his mind
since he's only interested in Go-eun.
Do you think he'll pick someone
who doesn't have any ties yet?
Or will he go for his second pick
even if he's barely interested in her?
-He doesn't have a second pick.
-I agree.
-You think so?
-Yes.
-He's devoted.
-He is.
INFERNO
Now. we're going to match the couples
who will go on a date in Paradise.
-It's decision time.
-It is.
-I'm curious about Hyeon-woo's pick.
-I see.
Today will be fun too.
We'll begin with first-place winner.
Jo I-geon.
Please choose the person
you'd like to go to Paradise with.
My only goal from the start
was to win first place no matter what.
The person I'd like to go
to Paradise with is…
Kim Go-eun.
The person Jo I-geon chose is
Jo I-geon and Kim Go-eun.
-See you.
-Please hold hands…
-What do I do?
-…and leave for Paradise.
Just enjoy it. My Lady.
-Have fun.
-See you later.
You're so popular!
Come to think of it. I-geon and Go-eun
had ice cream together yesterday.
I have a gut feeling
something big is coming.
Right?
Things will settle…
-Case closed.
-…on this Paradise trip.
It felt strange.
Maybe it was because
my feelings had changed
or because it was
our second trip to Paradise.
but I started to get really nervous
the moment she walked out of her lodging.
Let's go.
Right in front of him…
Don't look.
-They look like newlyweds.
-I know. right?
-They're both wearing white.
-They are matching.
-Gosh. my hands are sweaty.
-Why?
-Are you nervous?
-I guess so.
-I'm not usually the type to get nervous.
-Really?
Next is the second-place winner.
Shin Hyeon-woo.
Who do you think Hyeon-woo will pick?
-I have no idea.
-No one knows?
Maybe he'll pick someone new.
like Ye-jin or Ha-eun.
I'm dying to know.
Seriously. who will he pick?
-Ye-jin's the only one with no ties.
-Right.
Will he pick Mina Sue?
I'm so curious.
Shin Hyeon-woo.
Please choose the person
you'd like to go to Paradise with.
The person I'd like to go
to Paradise with is Kim Go-eun.
However. since I-geon won first place.
I thought long and hard
about what I should do
if he picked Go-eun.
The person Shin Hyeon-woo chose is…
I have decided
not to go to Paradise.
-What? Is that allowed?
-Is it?
-What?
-He can do that?
-This is the first.
-Yes. it is.
The person Shin Hyeon-woo chose is…
no one.
Shin Hyeon-woo has decided not to go.
…no one.
-So you don't have to choose.
-I didn't know that was an option.
Today. I decided not to pick anyone
to go to Paradise with.
I had no other option but Go-eun
from the start.
So I decided not to go.
-Gosh.
-Even if he doesn't go.
-she won't be there.
-Right.
-Gosh. seriously.
-Good for him.
If Go-eun hears about this…
-He's so single-minded.
-Really.
I just got goosebumps everywhere.
That is wild.
-Hyeon-woo is so cool.
-He really is cool.
-What an admirable choice.
-It was totally unexpected.
He's fallen hard for Go-eun.
Last is the third-place winner.
Youn Hyun-jae.
Please choose the person
you'd like to go to Paradise with.
The person I'd like to go
to Paradise with is…
Lee Joo-young.
-That's right.
-Yes.
His last chance.
-It's the best he can do.
-Really.
Lee Joo-young.
Youn Hyun-jae and Lee Joo-young.
Please hold hands and leave for Paradise.
See you later.
-I'll be back.
-See you.
Lee Joo-young.
Hello.
I'm sorry
for making you get wet.
It's raining.
-Why is it raining all of a sudden?
-I know. right?
What a new experience.
-It's raining.
-I won. but it's raining.
Today's Paradise-bound
couple matching is over.
I can't believe he didn't choose.
That has never happened before.
Hyeon-woo decided not to go.
-He's not coming.
-I see.
Is that allowed?
It's because of you.
When I heard Hyeon-woo decided not to go.
I was really shocked.
It felt like something Hyeon-woo would do.
I was shocked
but also touched by Hyeon-woo.
Hyeon-woo. you were so cool.
No. it's nothing.
I'm not cool. I'm feeling bitter.
I'm extremely disappointed.
Oh no. Her mind is somewhere else.
I-geon is experienced. so he's got this.
-He's got this. right?
-Yes.
PARADISE
JO I-GEON & KIM GO-EUN
-Let's rest for a bit.
-Okay.
Oh. I have something to do.
There's something you have to do.
-What?
-I have something stuck under my nail.
-Is it sand?
-I think?
I don't know if it's sand or blood.
-Can you see it?
-Yes.
-Does it hurt?
Is this sand?
Take it out now. just like that.
-You can use your fingernail…
-Hang on.
How do I do this?
Do I really have to do this for you?
Wait. I have tweezers.
Tell me if it hurts.
-Is it sand?
-Yes.
What about this black thing?
Wait. I'll try to poke it and check first.
It hurts to touch.
-It does?
-I'll just leave it.
-Nice.
-What's "nice"?
What exactly is nice?
-I have a question.
-Okay.
If you hadn't won first place
and had to pick someone else.
who would you have chosen?
There's really no one else.
so I'm not sure.
Maybe Ha-eun.
But Ha-eun likes Jae-jin.
There's something
I've been meaning to say.
The two of us…
We could've gotten closer
if we wanted to. right?
I may have said otherwise.
but subconsciously. I wonder
how well we know each other.
Right? It's true.
-I just thought it was a shame.
-Right.
I think because of that…
I also felt that way at first.
That's why I acted the way I did.
The same goes for me.
It's stuff like that.
I think that's why I initially
made things confusing between us.
-You know what I mean?
-Yes. I know.
After we talked for the first time
and realized we knew each other.
I wondered if I should've said
we could keep talking anyway.
I see.
You were impressive during the game.
-Who's the strongest now?
-It's you now.
-I'm the strongest now.
-Yes. Jo I-geon is the strongest.
-Did you cheer for me?
-No.
-Not at all.
-Why not?
You wouldn't have chosen me
if you had gone to Paradise.
I already knew that.
-What?
-I hoped you'd lose.
-Really?
-Yes.
Do you see this? I got hurt.
Why? From the game?
Yes. a cat named Hee-sun scratched me.
-Hee-sun was very cool.
-What about me?
You were kind of…
-Wasn't I cool?
-Hee-sun was beyond comparison.
-Really?
-She even had a fierce look on her face.
Seriously.
-You should've talked with Hee-sun then.
-I wanted to.
What's wrong with you?
What's your problem?
You lose 50 points.
Seriously.
I want to leave.
You're one to talk.
-You're so funny.
-I'm leaving.
-Look who's talking.
-I want to leave.
-Stay here alone.
-You went on a walk today. too.
Hey. seriously…
-I'm busy!
-Seriously…
I'm busy. so hurry up and ask me out.
I was so dumbfounded
when I saw you on that walk today.
Why can't you just sleep?
-I wanted to!
-What were you doing up?
I mean. seriously.
I'll take a walk with you here tomorrow.
No. I'm going to sleep.
Let's take a walk around here.
A walk around the pool.
A morning swim.
All right.
"All right"?
-Were you joking?
-I can't believe you said. "All right."
We can't swim first thing in the morning.
You're so odd.
Do you get jealous?
I get very jealous.
Very jealous?
When I like someone.
it's hard to control myself.
Sometimes
it's scary.
Because it's hard to go about my life
when I can't control my emotions.
You must fall head over heels for them.
Yes. I just find everything
about them adorable.
-Do you get jealous?
-I get jealous a lot.
-A lot?
-Yes.
-You don't look like it.
-I know.
-I get that a lot.
-I bet.
Is it pouring or drizzling?
It's starting to pour.
Can you open the curtain a little more?
It's already fully open.
-I meant--
-How can I open it any further?
He's right.
How can I open it any further?
I want a better view
of the rain falling on the pool.
You act like you won't.
but you do it anyway.
-Like this?
-Yes.
Oh. that's perfect.
-But it's fully opened.
-Gosh.
I like I-geon's response.
-He ends up doing it anyway.
-Right.
-He grumbles.
-He does it while grumbling.
That's so funny.
Can you see the rain from where you are?
Yes.
-This is so relaxing.
-Yes.
I don't think
I'll ever forget this moment.
-I-geon is for sure charming.
-He is.
He really is.
He doesn't go in the direction
you want him to.
but he still has a serious side.
-He does things for you.
-And he's playful.
He has such a charming personality.
The chemistry is different.
Go-eun and Sung-min seem like friends.
But with I-geon. they look like a couple.
But I think we're biased.
Go-eun is happy with Sung-min.
but all of us have a tendency
to pair her up with I-geon.
-Are we?
-Are we the ones who like I-geon?
To be honest…
How Go-eun acts with I-geon
and Sung-min is totally different.
-It's noticeable.
-Really?
Go-eun's energy is noticeably different.
I-geon might make mischievous jokes.
-But Go-eun rolls with it so well.
-She enjoys it.
-It's fun.
-They have fun together.
-They're like a couple.
-Yes.
Who did you come here with again?
-Let's focus on the positive.
-I'm just curious.
-I came here with Sung-min.
-Oh. that punk?
-He's older. so he can say that.
-He's so charming.
He was hesitant at first.
but now he's expressing himself.
I find him charming.
-It's I-geon's charm.
-He's funny.
He really is.
-Is it cold?
-No.
It is a little cold.
The water is cool here.
Are you good at swimming?
-I learned in elementary school.
-Yeah?
And my body still remembers it.
-Really?
-Yes.
I'm not good at swimming.
Do you know how?
Why are you over there?
I'm not good.
-Want me to teach you?
-Yes.
It's easy.
Give me your hands.
Raise your legs.
-My legs?
-Hold on tight.
Hold on.
-I have to hold on tight?
-Yes. at first.
Wait…
Is this it?
Can't you kick a bit harder?
Your body has to form a straight line.
You're not that good. either.
I don't think I'm doing it right.
My legs won't float.
This is funny.
Does a woman's height matter to you?
-Height?
-Yes.
-No. I focus on the overall balance.
-I see.
-Doesn't that make height important?
-No. it has nothing to do with height.
If a woman is short.
she looks like a fairy.
-Yes.
-If she's tall. she looks like a goddess.
If a man is short. he's annoying.
If he's tall. he's even more so.
Everyone but me is annoying.
-Especially Hyeon-woo and Sung-min.
-Why?
Are you jealous?
-What?
-Are you jealous?
-Does it bother you?
-Yes.
I won the game today
because I couldn't stand
the thought of you going to Paradise
with someone else.
That was my biggest motivation.
-Thank goodness I'm here with you.
-Yes.
You're very handsome.
You're pretty.
Are you feeling shy?
I'm just amazed by your beauty again.
My left side is prettier.
Look at me from here.
What if I keep going back and forth?
-I'll turn.
-You'll keep turning?
There's no difference.
-Really?
-Yes.
Yes. Go-eun likes men like that.
The way he looks at Go-eun is so sweet.
-It's like he'll eat her alive.
-What?
-Like he'll eat her alive.
-Eat her alive?
Your face
is really cute too.
Really?
-You have cute moments.
-Cute moments? Like when?
-What?
-When am I cute? I need details.
Well…
No.
How frustrating.
You don't seem like the jealous type.
Except when I'm talking
to Sung-min from time to time.
Right.
I kind of…
I try my best not to show it.
But for some reason today.
I couldn't stand seeing you
take that walk with him.
-Really?
-Yes.
-That's how I felt.
-I didn't know you were working out.
You didn't even say hello.
Didn't I?
That is very cool.
-What is?
-The scratch you have here.
I guess you have a cat too.
It was Sung-min.
What's on your mind?
Whether I should go or not.
Why do you ask?
What's on your mind?
Whether you'll come or not.
You should come.
I'll go around.
Do we have a big age gap?
What?
I don't know.
I mean.
if it doesn't feel that way.
then it probably isn't.
Right.
What?
Why are you smiling?
You're great.
I think you're great.
There isn't a lot of physical contact.
-but they're so sexy together.
-Yes.
I think that was the best
pool scene of the season.
-Right.
-These two.
Earlier. they were like
"Come or go." or whatever.
-What are you saying?
-"Or whatever." Don't say it like that.
It was. "Should I go or not?"
-I can't even imitate it.
-It was the way he stood. too.
-Yes. like that.
-He was like this.
-"Whether you'll come or not."
-Right.
On opposite ends of the pool.
It was like a standoff
between a god and a goddess.
When she said. "You should come."
he said. "I'll go around."
I think Go-eun's heart
is leaning towards him.
But I think when she sees
that rougher side of I-geon.
she thinks they're not compatible.
but she's drawn to him anyway.
Sung-min and Hyeon-woo made her feel
at ease and whispered sweet nothings.
But there's a certain energy with I-geon.
-Yes.
-There's tension.
I think that's why I enjoy watching them.
Did you enjoy it?
I'm on the edge of my seat
while watching them.
-Yes.
-"You're great."
-Shall we take a photo?
-Sure.
One moment.
Your eyebrows twitched.
I was just copying you.
-Really?
-Yes.
Oh gosh.
-I'll take that one.
-I bet it'll look so funny.
I'll look forward to it.
Wait.
I look soulless.
Do I really look like this?
-No.
-Do I?
-No. you don't.
-I look silly.
This is nice.
When do you want to get married?
At 28 or 29.
-What? That's not that far away.
-I know.
-Isn't that in two or three years?
-Yes.
I don't think I can become rich by then.
He's so bold.
-I'll need at least five years.
-I'll be the breadwinner.
-I make enough.
-That sounds nice.
-Do you like hypothetical scenarios?
-Yes. give me one.
-Let's say we're dating.
-Okay.
What would we fight the most about?
I feel like we'd fight a few times
because of the way you talk.
-I think so too.
-Yes.
But I think I'd fix it right away.
Right.
If you mention it.
What a mesmerizing conversation.
They keep discussing
their future together.
-Yes.
-Is this the last stage?
Where they check
if they're potential partner material?
It seems like it.
I think
I get angry easily.
but I'm also forgetful.
Yes.
What?
Did I sound silly again?
No. I just thought you were cute.
not silly.
Hypothetically. if you made me angry.
would you give me space
until the next day or…
I'd probably forget about it by then.
-If we're dating. you mean?
-Yes.
-Hypothetically. if we're dating?
-Yes. Assuming it's nothing serious.
Hypothetically. if we're dating
and you made me angry…
It would be over with a hug.
-Really?
-Yes.
-Easy. right?
Don't tell anyone else.
They slept in the same bed.
What?
NEXT EPISODE
Come on. Seung-il.
You're so charming and attractive.
What did you just talk about with Hee-sun?
I really want to be genuine.
I think she's just leading him on.
I got goosebumps.
-Why didn't you pick anyone yesterday?
-I'm only interested in you.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'll just be waiting patiently.
Seeing the two of you talk…
I shouldn't have let my guard down.
I think I need to hear you say it.
We will now begin the final matching.
The person I'd like
to leave Inferno with is…
What?
None of us saw that coming.
This is the first time
we've all been wrong.
Subtitle translation by: Eunice Kim
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm